Updated docs for the 2.0 GA (#137)
pulp/pulp_container: docs/workflows/push.rst

            ]
          }

.. note::

>    A push repository is created when content is being push to it. With a push repository mirroring of the content
>    is not possible as well addition or removal of content via Pulp API.

Reviewer: I would write something like:
```suggestion
   A push repository is created when content is pushed to a previously unknown location. A push repository supports
   neither mirroring of remote content nor addition or removal of content via Pulp API.
```

.. note::

>    Rollback to the previous repo versions is not possbile with a push repository. Latest version is always served.

Reviewer: Next suggestion (only the typo is mandatory):
```suggestion
   Rollback to the previous repository versions is not possible with a push repository. Its latest version will always be served.
```
